[docs] Polish pickers migration docs (#7737)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-pickers-v5/migration-pickers-v5.md

   },
 });
```

## Rename `components` to `slots` (optional)

> The `components` and `componentsProps` props is going to be renamed to `slots` and `slotProps` props respectively.

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
The `components` and `componentsProps` props is being renamed to `slots` and `slotProps` props respectively.
```

> This is a slow an ongoing effort between the different MUI libraries, that's why we chose to proceed with deprecating the existing `components` props as well as adding the new `slots` props.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a slow and ongoing effort between the different MUI libraries.
To smooth the transition, pickers support both the `components` props which are deprecated, and the new `slots` props.
```

Author: 🙈 🤦

   },
 });
```

## Rename `components` to `slots` (optional)

> The `components` and `componentsProps` props is being renamed to `slots` and `slotProps` props respectively.

Author: ```suggestion
The `components` and `componentsProps` props are being renamed to `slots` and `slotProps` props respectively.
```
